feat: Change default location of frontend directory (#3280)
vaadin/docs: articles/hilla/guides/production/production-build.adoc

This goal builds the frontend bundle. It's a complex process involving several steps:

- Update [filename]`package.json` with all the `@NpmPackage` annotation values found in the classpath and automatically install these dependencies.
- Update the JavaScript files containing code to import everything used in the application. These files are generated in the `src/main/frontend/generated` folder, and are used as the entry point of the application.
- Create [filename]`webpack.config.js`, if it's not found. Otherwise, update it if some project parameters have changed.
- Generate JavaScript bundles, chunks and transpile to ES5 using the `webpack` server. The target folder for `WAR` packaging is `target/${artifactId}-${version}/build`; for `JAR` packaging, it's `target/classes/META-INF/resources/build`.

This goal also has a few parameters. They're listed here with their default values in parentheses, along with comments or a description of each:

*npmFolder* (`${project.basedir}`::
    The folder where the [filename]`package.json` file is located. The default is the project root folder.

> *generatedFolder* (`${project.build.directory}/frontend/`)::
>     The folder where Flow puts generated files that'll be used by `webpack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*generatedTsFolder* (`${project.build.directory}/src/main/frontend/generated`)::
    The folder where Flow puts generated files. If not given will be `generated` folder under frontendDirectory parameter.
```
We have no webpack and no such parameter

Author: Replaced
